RHIDP-6499: Modularize Customizing the Learning Paths (#1068)
redhat-developer/red-hat-developers-documentation-rhdh: assemblies/assembly-customizing-the-learning-paths.adoc

[id='proc-customize-rhdh-learning-paths_{context}']
= Customizing the Learning Paths in {product}

In {product}, you can configure Learning Paths by hosting the required data externally,

> and using the builtin proxy to deliver this data rather than the default.

Author: ```suggestion
and using the built-in proxy to deliver this data rather than the default.
```

You can provide Learning Paths data from the following sources:

> * JSON files hosted on a web server, such as GitHub or GitLab.

Author: ```suggestion
* A JSON file hosted on a web server, such as GitHub or GitLab.
```
